millions of ways to play around
Mexico Telcel the network in your hands
the truth if this year if we check a
table here in las vegas' I am Luis who
We are already checking the 20
inches of panasonic a pretty name
that in Mexico I do not know how they are going
put because you have a little strange
because while some do the
smaller products people
panasonic shows this tablet of 20
inches that have also preferred
call him tablet table is almost a table
20 inches this is working on the
platform windows 8 and it looks really good
the images look excellent and the
truth is that we see that is a product
that can be very useful here
issue is where you could put something
so in the kitchen in the room I think that
This type of products could work
I do not know maybe in the showroom of a hotel or
something like that finally the issue is that
It is the 20 - inch screen so 4k
is that the image looks amazing
battery lasts 2 hours so they will be
having to connect it a long time
so you can work
and the other important point let's say to
work with the transform as windows
the topic of interaction write in
she could be a reality like that
that here we are seeing the gadgets
most wanted here in the consumer of
crohn show 2013 at the international
and I leave not without first reminding you that
please subscribe to our channel /
mx and let us your comments the
good the bad guys we all check
from luis gg
millions of ways to play around
Mexico Telcel the network in your hands